big banks are in big trouble in today's
video I'm going to show you one of the
biggest companies in the world affected
by what we're seeing today you are aware
of the dangers of the banking system the
financial crisis but now we've got
something interesting to discuss and I'm
going to show you how this is all
connected a lot of dot connecting today
my name is David gutherion what I do
here at this channel is I take all that
complex information make it real simple
for anybody to understand and then at
the end we connect that in with what you
personally need to do as a result of all
this information let's begin by looking
at the banks in hot water well check
this out you probably saw this Fitch
warns it may be forced to downgrade
dozens of banks including JP Morgan
Chase they've got some problems a lot of
problems in fact and remember it's not
just the small Banks not just the
regional Banks but we are seeing it
throughout we've got some serious issues
we look at this shares of U.S banks drop
after the SMP downgrades some ratings
Moody's Cuts ratings of 10 U.S banks and
puts some big names on downgrade watch
oh that's right now this is from a few
days prior but I'm just trying to show
you
getting to the big news here though
look projected commercial real estate
loan losses for 2023 under the feds
severely adverse stress test scenarios
23 Banks is the percentage of average
loan balances and you will see at the
top of the list Goldman Sachs
okay so in an adverse scenario a
scenario in which
bad things happen this is the result
Goldman Sachs is going to lose Big Time
commercial real estate exposure
apparently far too high this is one of
the biggest companies in the world they
are connected to every government it
seems when you look around
looking at next on the list Morgan
Stanley
what else do we got in here
some other names RBC is even in here
Wells Fargo's in here the usual names
that you may be used to but it doesn't
stop there
projected credit card loan losses for
2023 under the feds severely adverse
stress test scenario same deal guess
who's on top of the list it's Goldman
Sachs yes that's right uh pretty
interesting that they ended up on top of
that credit card exposure as well as
commercial real estate
they are a big Bank obviously they've
got a lot of exposure they've got a lot
of assets and liabilities and certainly
they are in big trouble Big Trouble in
the event of an adverse event is that
gonna happen are we going to see
problems with the banking zest system
well what have the bank's been doing
recently
they've been doing what's called loan
loss Provisions that's when you take
money and you put it aside you know your
rainy day fund it's exactly the same all
of the big banks are doing that they say
they're doing that and why why do they
do this it's because they want to make
sure for the Federal Reserve and of
course for the government to say look
we're doing what we need to by putting
cash aside we've got reserves we've got
this for safe keeping and they only do
that when difficult times are upon us
they also did it in 2020 okay but
they're doing it again
and in 2020 if it wasn't for all those
moratoriums it would have been
catastrophic think about this it's been
three years and there have been no
student loans being paid
people aren't paying their bills
and they're basically saying hey why
would I if I don't have to pay why would
I pay and now that's coming back and now
that you're going to see the effects of
this it's not going to be you know
devastating day one necessarily but it's
enough of a payment that it will squeeze
people and have an impact on the wider
economy
okay and I do believe also some of them
aren't going to be able to pay number
one but if they are paying up to student
loans maybe that means they're not going
to be paying up other debt and we start
to see the defaults the bankruptcies
continue to escalate
we have some issues here some odd things
happening a U.S Bank is denying access
to funds and freezing accounts leaving
customers in dire Financial Straits uh
here it is this is just one bank by the
way but it's Green Dot bank which offers
Banking and debit card services to
people who shop at Walmart all right
giving people the runaround Wells Fargo
missing deposit glitch alarms customers
ah the bank said it was a technical
issue I think it's
I mean I don't want to say it's funny
but this is what the bank does it
happens there's been instances people go
to check their balance oh I have a zero
in my in my bank I mean that's what
we're doing we're taking our hard-earned
savings we're giving it to an
institution and we hope that everything
ends up okay I worked for the financial
companies I saw with my own eyes where a
job would be running over the weekend
and you come back in on the Monday and
you find out in the very morning oh uh
By the way when that thing ran it
screwed up all of these balances and now
people's accounts are suddenly screwed
this is unbelievable now you got the the
Wizards and the gurus there they're
gonna work their magic but understand
that you're basically just giving up
everything in hopes that they're gonna
make it all okay they're going to you
know invest your money properly I've
seen some crazy things I've seen some of
the high net worth wealth management
that
you wouldn't believe the issues that
these people have I mean they were there
were there's some strange people out
there managing a lot of money
and it's truly crazy
seen it with my own eyes remember that
look China needs its own Lehman moment
right now can you believe this
well what they are saying in here is
they've got their own banking system
problems they they need to basically
shed all of that they need to get rid of
it right now
uh you know you can argue this and so on
but I just think it's interesting
to look at it they want to get rid of
that stop depending get rid of this
it's something that nobody knows what's
going to happen but in the next little
while you've got a big issue imagine the
double whammy of property wobbles and
physical woes China's banking system
owes the equivalent of 13 trillion
dollars of local government debt or 29
of total assets according to Goldman
Sachs funny enough on top of that
there's about 58 trillion you want
exposure to the real estate sector how
can China's Lehman moment not be here
already and what they are doing is
essentially taking this and spreading it
out as much as possible trying to
utilize the local financing uh
government financing Vehicles like these
new entities that have trillions upon
trillions of dollars worth total
and they're trying to spread that out
and restructure the debt it doesn't fix
anything it doesn't all it does is Spook
foreign investors maybe investors within
China might say this is a good
opportunity or the government forces the
banks to buy it as part of a you know
good opportunity
it's not a good thing remember this
there is a lot of chaos going on right
now today
if you read this I think it's funny but
there's a quote that says the debt is
manageable and I've heard that over and
over and over again over the years those
in the financial industry and you know
speculators and so on
um it's not exactly manageable what
they're suggesting here you know you can
read it but the point is the United
States has you know enough growth to
make sure that the debt that they have
is still okay
I don't know of a circumstance where
having excessive amount of debt has ever
been good if you look back in the pages
of History
the biggest empires of the world
at some point that becomes a big burden
for them it didn't happen overnight
sometimes it happens with a big war
sometimes it's you know devastating loss
for some reason and this is always going
to be an issue debt is an issue
especially when those interest rates are
reasonably High that's what we are at
now that's why you could see them
calling for those rate Cuts sooner
rather than later
um the money right now I need to tell
you the money is going into growth it's
not going into as much as it should
historically into bonds there's there is
money going to bonds but right now a lot
of it is going into growth uh
particularly over the basically since
the beginning of the year it has been
quite extreme look at nvidia's stock
they just they use the word AI like 347
million times on their most recent
meeting that they had the you know
earnings calls so you know they don't
they know what's up they know how to
make their valuation real good and then
they do a stock buyback because when
they do that they can kind of the the
executives can pull their money out and
they're going to do very well for
themselves all right looking at this
I just want to show you the fact that
um when you compare the dividend yield
of the stock market it is quite low
compared to what's going on with bonds
and so what what companies are doing at
this time is they're not interested in
in giving dividends they're interested
in stock BuyBacks the BuyBacks benefit
those you know the the top the the
director level uh people that are at
these companies okay they're going to
have these shares and they're going to
have them basically execute these sales
when they hit certain price points and
they know that and that's what they do
okay
but I got to tell you something where's
the money coming from in the stock
market can you believe this look
this is the foreign cross-border net
purchases or or net sales of U.S
equities June saw record net positive
inflows unbelievable right
we haven't seen this before this goes
all the way back to 2002 the most money
coming from outside into U.S equities
ever
ever right now
so you see maybe China's not looking
very attractive that means more money in
the U.S other countries around the world
maybe not so attractive U.S equities U.S
bonds the U.S is being flush with cash
right now from all around the world so
know that as an investor you got to know
that but just an individual just to be
aware of it all
even despite this being the most
anticipated recession ever
it doesn't have an impact because the
whole world is basically feeling it so
where do you put your money and that's
why people are saying you know what
forget it I don't care but ultimately
people they're they're not able to
benefit from this a lot of people look
the a typical teacher can afford just 12
of homes for sale near their school
this is it just shows you teacher
you know average job they want to buy
average home only 12 percent of the
people can do that if you don't see a
problem with that
I mean I just don't know I really just
don't know that's the world we live in
today and so you got to ask yourself
what are you gonna do about it well I
wrote down some points that I wanted to
make
um just looking at this you got to watch
your exposure to the banks with uh
Capital look think about this with with
your Capital where you've got this are
you going to keep it in One bank or are
you gonna spread that are you going to
make sure that you've got something like
just in case a plan B these Banks who
knows what they're gonna do suddenly a
glitch just leaves you without access
Tech and AI are getting too much
attention yes I understand Tech AI the
future yes but when there's too much
attention it starts to get real shaky so
watch out just be careful that's what
I'm saying too and you gotta trade short
term but you got to invest long term
it's a very different mentality people
apply that you know the same way they
don't they don't know the difference but
we've got to pay attention to that yeah
we could say oh I think Nvidia stock is
going to go up you know what it's going
to double from here okay fine but you
know when you're investing you've got to
think about it okay well what about in
the next six months what about in the
next six years well I'm gonna invest
very differently into different stocks
with my money because this is going to
be something is it just you know me
speculating trying to get that little
bit right now or am I going to put it
here park it here for the long term get
long-term growth and stick with it this
is a very different world understand
your goals not just your personal goals
like we do with the mentorship group but
you got to understand your goals as an
investor you can speculate that's fine
but you gotta split that up very
important you can't get that mixed up I
know a lot of these YouTubers and stuff
they don't they don't care they don't
care about your money but I do all right
comment of the day
here it is from Mr Anglo ninja thank you
very much for your comment my favorite
item to track has been asparagus prices
here in Stockholm Sweden where I live in
season April May uh saw it as low as
three dollars U.S the other week the
same store was trying to sell a 250 gram
Bunch for eight dollars USD who is
buying that in my lowly working class
neighborhood I even took a picture I
thought it was so crazy and that's
interesting I I do something similar too
um just comparing simple prices and
thinking to myself I could have sworn
that was way less expensive before
let's do the same thing with services
and not just products and you see that
one product tracked over a period of
time and how Wild Things become yes
there could be shortages there could be
you know some problem that exists but
over time the inflation level is not
going to keep up we know that so I'm
going to thank you for this uh for those
comments please everybody let me know of
your comments all the time I'm
interested to not only
you know reply to them but to share them
as well if you want to get a hold of me
directly the best place to do that is
Discord it also gives you tons of tips
tons of cool stuff on Discord tips on
self-sufficiency right here as you can
see lots of stuff so you go in and on
the left hand side it's free by the way
Link in the description you you see that
you you can look at this and basically
get on the left hand side all different
kinds of stuff I want to see you there
so that we can communicate over 1100
people are inside there right now click
that link in the description and don't
forget to hit that thumbs up on the way
out I'll see you later take care